UC DOC - REST API Quickstart improvement (#435)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: content/uc-doc/api_sdk/rest_api/quickstart.md

with a trusted certificate. So you have to manually trust the self-signed certificate of your Wazo.
To that end:

1. If you see an error like:

   ```markdown
   Failed to load API definition.
   ```

   This is expected. This is the kind of error (quite misleading, admittedly) you get when the
   certificate is not trusted.

2. Copy the URL `https://<YOUR_WAZO_IP>` and paste it in your browser.
3. Accept the HTTPS certificate validation exception.
4. Go back to the `API console`.

> 5. Now you should see a list of sections for the authentication REST API, like `backends` or `token`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Now you should see the documentation for the `wazo-confd` API, and a list of sections for the configuration REST API, like `funckeys` or `users`
```

## Use the Configuration REST API

> Now that we have an authentication token, we are ready to use the REST API.

Reviewer: We don't have an authentication token at that point.

1. Go to [Configuration - API Console](/documentation/console/configuration)
2. In the top-left field, enter your stack hostname (ex: `https://mystack.example`)

> 3. In the top-right field, enter your `username:password`  and click to `validate` to obtain a token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the top-right field, enter your `username:password`  and click to `validate` to obtain a temporary token
```

Let's ask wazo-auth for an authentication token:

1. Open `wazo-auth` spec in our [API Console](/documentation/console/authentication)
2. In the first field, please enter your stack hostname (ex: `https://mystack.example`)
3. In the last field, please enter `username:password` : those credentials are the ones from
   the Web Services Access you created earlier.

> 4. Go to the `POST /tokens` section and click on the yellow box to the right of the `body`

Reviewer 2: To accept this answer we need to change the previous section that explain how to use the embedded swagger-ui  and add notice that no information will go through our server
The downside with the wazo-platform.org/api is that is not versioned compared to the embedded one
